Skip to
to content
content contatogaeacombr
contatogaeacombr standard
standard logo
logo Nada
segue instruções
instruções básicas
código através
Forrester 25
software Estimase
aproximadamente US
US 542
542 bilhões
bilhões quinhentos
quarenta bilhões
dólares americanos
investimentos reforça
cada vez
softwares representando
representando ¼
investimentos naturalmente
profissionais bem
bem qualificados
grande Prova
Prova disso
existem cerca
desenvolvedores Java
planeta desenvolvendo
desenvolvendo softwares
diversas plataformas
dispositivos capazes
segundo estudos
Oracle junto
profissionais existem
desafios acerca
desafios podem
estatísticas abaixo
abaixo Neste
Neste post
precisa tomar
tomar conhecimento
disso daremos
daremos algumas
algumas dicas
aplicar práticas
otimização dentro
empresa Fique
olho Rock
Rock Convert
Convert Atualmente
profissionais formados
diversos cursos
sendo marcada
grande número
compreendem múltiplas
múltiplas linguagens
respectivos conceitosfundamentos
sabem utilizar
utilizar dessas
dessas qualidades
solucionar problemas
curto espaço
podemos encontrar
boa parte
recorrentes problemas
exigências cada
cada vez
vez maiores
tomar medidas
software Afinal
evolução técnica
técnica faz
faz parte
muitas dificuldades
entregar resultados
desenvolvedor Veja
seguir algumas
algumas práticas
universidades batam
boa formação
TI deixam
desejar nesse
nesse aspecto
muitas vezes
próprias instituições
biblioteca apropriada
área Limitação
recursos didáticos
queremos dizer
dizer aqui
devida parcela
ótima iniciativa
melhores autores
qualificálos tanto
quesitos técnicos
livros pertinentes
crescimento pessoal
inserir profissionais
literatura significa
significa mostrar
livros existem
excelente atividade
qualquer desenvolvedor
dúvidas colaborar
sistemas Open
Open Source
Source código
código aberto
aberto Alguns
Alguns projetos
Google Apache
exemplo estabelecem
estabelecem alguns
alguns meios
programadores podem
podem contribuir
algum projeto
simplesmente acompanhar
outras palavras
palavras devido
várias possibilidades
discussões interatividade
excelente fonte
soluções Embora
consegue evoluir
excelência conforme
prática constante
quais tipos
atividades contribuem
contribuem diretamente
aprimoramento Simplesmente
Simplesmente tudo
exemplo quanto
treinamos algoritmos
dados através
problemas bem
bem adaptados
bem preparados
preparados ficamos
problemas reais
dia dentro
programador obtém
qualidade preferencialmente
autora referência
outras proporções
blog post
post Acompanhar
possível interagir
interagir dentro
fato feitas
grande especialista
área podese
podese tirar
tirar dúvidas
debate saudável
quaisquer barreiras
certeza colabora
programador evolua
tempo Porém
procuramos enfatizar
enfatizar tanto
blog quanto
bons autores
contrário ocorrerá
verdadeiro retrocesso
certa forma
ler Entretanto
Entretanto agora
projeto Open
Open Source
estrutura embora
embora pareça
possível entender
desenvolvedor trabalhou
sendo feito
conforme descobrir
métodos parâmetros
raciocínio receberá
grande aprendizado
mercado Caso
custos certamente
certamente muitas
muitas empresas
enxergariam dificuldades
grande desafio
traz dessa
dessa redução
qualidade final
bom planejamento
custos inicial
45 Segundo
consultoria Pace
Pace Harmon
Harmon Steven
Steven Kirz
dessa redução
redução inicial
diminuição alcance
75 após
após cinco
cinco anos
anos Ainda
custos ainda
ainda podem
corporações deixassem
valor préfixado
desenvolvimento Entretanto
especialista ainda
ainda ressalta
ressalta outros
outros fatores
aplicamse perfeitamente
software Acompanhe
Acompanhe logo
logo abaixo
abaixo quais
TI tanto
próprios profissionais
área percebem
nomenclaturas diferentes
gerar certa
certa confusão
maior consequência
própria falta
teto salarial
custos adicionais
algo simples
Outsourcing contratada
pleno acordo
nomenclatura proposta
responsabilidades requisitos
certificações correspondentes
detalhes envolvidos
software Afinal
Afinal cada
cada posição
posição exige
exige diferentes
diferentes níveis
diferentes tipos
ferramentas linguagens
linguagens plataformas
conhecimento tendem
exigir remunerações
remunerações diferenciadas
valores cobrem
maiores finalidades
contratar profissionais
profissionais experientes
segurança oferecida
colaborador sofrerá
ofereceriam riscos
menos bagagem
revés disso
disso tudo
muitas vezes
profissionais experientes
assumem funções
facilmente exercidas
outros profissionais
menores níveis
acabase contanto
diferentes níveis
delegar tarefas
tarefas correspondentes
cada nível
nível haverá
considerável redução
salários menores
menores Agora
Agora falando
Steven Kirz
eficientes sistemas
monitoramento Trabalhar
impõe desafios
agrega muitos
muitos valores
possível indisponibilidade
empresa perca
deverá prestar
bom monitoramento
possível detectar
outros problemas
possam comprometer
sorveteria produzisse
produzisse sorvetes
necessariamente dominaria
haveriam sorvetes
público pertencente
classes menos
menos afortunadas
afortunadas Hoje
certo nível
novas empresas
querem pagar
resolva efetivamente
existe algum
algum segredo
otimizada Felizmente
Felizmente existem
existem alguns
devem chegar
técnicas processos
tornou necessária
testes devem
revista Engenharia
Software edição
edição 10
abordagem RBT
RBT permite
permite justamente
justamente fazer
fazer melhor
melhor uso
recursos disponíveis
disponíveis priorizando
testados prioritariamente
Dessa forma
forma seguindo
raciocínio acima
serem feitos
questão Quanto
riscos maior
serem realizados
realizados Enquanto
menores riscos
riscos acabam
demandar menos
menos testes
qualquer ambiente
software Sendo
erros inevitáveis
agir preventivamente
atitude preventiva
preventiva consiste
corrigir erros
erros durante
produção onde
burocracia entraria
geraria atrasos
entrega procurase
procurase detectar
bem sabemos
sabemos passa
passa diretamente
software Portanto
bom planejamento
planejamento tarefa
Software eficaz
características formam
grande Engenheiro
bom conhecimento
conhecimento técnico
fazer boa
boa parte
certa forma
pouco provável
profissional consiga
consiga cumprir
excelência Rock
Rock Convert
dicionário prototipagem
prototipagem significa
dará origem
várias outras
outras réplicas
protótipo funcionaria
erros objetivando
determinada ferramenta
processo evolutivo
mecanismos essenciais
objetivo especificar
utilidade capacidades
capacidades funções
funções estabelecer
contratante realizar
realizar melhorias
protótipo possui
possui geralmente
geralmente diferentes
diferentes níveis
cliente sendo
diversas ferramentas
maior número
alta tecnologia
testes bem
prototipagem ocorra
total integração
equipe sempre
empresa contratante
planejamento bem
bem estruturado
principais tendências
softwares existentes
dessa participação
ambiente físico
própria web
web estabelecendo
algumas vantagens
exemplo saber
prototipagem virtual
pequenas diferenças
software obtido
obtido localmente
mesmas características
meio físico
físico Realizar
Realizar testes
aprofundados conscientizar
protótipo deverá
deverá passar
atualizações posteriores
igualmente importante
nuvem nesse
nesse caso
servidores contratados
portanto deverão
deverão possuir
possuir sistemas
segurança eficientes
eficientes contra
contra possíveis
possíveis invasões
dados Definitivamente
curtíssimo espaço
segundo afirmou
afirmou Marc
Marc Andreessen
softwares engulam
surjam novas
novas tendências
tendências devem
devem dar
dar vazão
criatividade diminuírem
riscos aumentarem
economizar tempo
dados onde
possui rival
aquisição correlação
correlação cruzamento
Big Data
cada dia
dia traz
traz novidades
impactam diretamente
sociedade Logo
poderia ocorrer
forma diferente
vem apontando
outras tendências
Gartner 75
simples fato
precisarão descentralizar
agilidade praticidade
resultados objetivos
softwares Através
incentivo cada
cada vez
vez maior
desenvolvidos nesse
nesse ambiente
ambiente virtual
virtual Muitas
Muitas empresas
ultrapassem 10
12 membros
builtin cujo
cujo objetivo
objetivo principal
comunicação tornar
determinar resultados
forma abrangente
diversos aspectos
segmento passando
deseja contar
verdadeira transformação
soluções rockauto
rockauto Artigos
Artigos Desenvolvimento
Desenvolvimento Cloud
Cloud computing
computing devops
devops engenharia
software prototipagem
nuvem sistemas
monitoramento TI
TI Bimodal
Comentários Descubra
Descubra tudo
PMBOK Galeria
Galeria Descubra
Descubra tudo
Comentários TDD
TDD BDD
DDD entenda
siglas Galeria
Galeria TDD
TDD BDD
DDD entenda
Comentários Multicloud
Multicloud saiba
saiba tudo
começar Galeria
Galeria Multicloud
Multicloud saiba
saiba tudo
User Experience
Experience UX
UX Galeria
User Experience
Experience UX
Comentários Treinamento
realizar Galeria
Galeria Treinamento
Comentários Cancelar
Cancelar resposta
resposta Rock
Rock Convert
Convert Rock
Rock Convert
Convert Popular
Popular DevOps
conhece bem
principais áreas
TI Artigos
Artigos Desenvolvimento
Desenvolvimento DevOps
DevOps Ebook
Ebook ITIL
ITIL Segurança
Segurança Descubra
Descubra tudo
PMBOK TDD
TDD BDD
DDD entenda
siglas Multicloud
Multicloud saiba
saiba tudo
começar Cadastre
Cadastre Aqui
Aqui Gaea
Gaea Consulting



